Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
Whoa, wicked! We can see it now!
Awesome!
Wow!
So that land is Avalon, is it?
It's more like the empire than I thought. Pretty idyllic, isn't it?
This brings back memories.
Oh yeah! I'm first!
...Yeah! We reached the new continent! ...Yeah! We reached the new continent!
We're still on the dock; we haven't reached the home soil yet!
...Find some home soil! ...Find some home soil!
...Oh! ...It's soil!
Whoa, this is the soil of another nation! Eat it, eat it!
Mm, yum.
Bleah! No it isn't! We can't eat this!
You guys are too hyped up.
Lieutenant Pan...
Yeah, this reminds me of the training academy.
What kind of training academy?!
"Knight King was here"
I'm going to the post to draw supplies.
I know we don't often get to go out of the empire, but there's no time to waste.
I'll show you the way.
Takeru!
Ma! Ya came out to meet me?
You betcha. Muh son's done come home!
Who's this? Is this your mother, Noto?
She shore is. This here's muh mom.
I 'preciate ya lookin' after muh boy.
Well now, as long as she's here,
why don't you chat with your mom until the supplies are ready?
Huh? Ya shore 'bout that?
Thank ya mightily!
Takeru, ya done gone at gotten even bigger, aint'cha?
Huh, ya reckon? Ma, is Pa still doin' okay?
Takeru, don'tcha go worryin' 'bout us none.
S'long's ya go to Tokyo, fetch yerself a purdy bride,
and come on back home to us...
What's wrong, Ma? Ya look like ya got the blues.
Oh, do I? Takeru, ya got'cher self a mission, ain'tcha?
Never you fret.
Is somethin' the matter?
Y'all kin tell me!
Huh? Someone's done tore up the fields?
Yeah, just a mite.
But folks in the village ain't got no reason to do this.
Who in tarnation'd do this?
Thank you very much.
Where are you headed to?
Someplace farther west.
I think we're headed toward a spatial rift.
"Destination"
Watch out for bandits on the road. Also, once you leave here,
there's a strange gas in the air.
Gas?
This is the place where we're heading to, right?
How come the whole continent seems to be shifted here?
Juggernaut, lead the way.
Oh, yes, sir!
Sorry, Ma and Pa. Gotta go do muh mission.
Ain't no time to hunt down the rascal's been wreckin' the fields.
Never ya mind. Takeru, you just go 'bout doin' what ya gotta be doin'.
Do a proper job, now, so's yer not draggin' the others down.
Mm-hmm, you betcha!
I'm a Fire Soldier, y'know.
We're heading out!
Next time ya come home, bring back a purdy bride with ya.
A-A bride?
Here we go. Let's uncover the Evangelist's secrets!
Okay then, please excuse us!
Y'all take care, now!
We'll be back later!
"Episode 7: Road to the Oasis"
I told them to wear gas masks.
...Yeah! ...Yeah!
Hell yeah!
...Ho yeah! ...Ho yeah!
I mean, I did tell them.
That there's a gas prevalent around here
that is fast-acting and acts like a stimulant.
...Hell yeah! ...Hell yeah!
You go, Juggernaut!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Hello? Mama? I'm not coming home tonight!
Huh? Where am I staying? There's no way I'm telling you!
I mean, I'm on the Chinese Peninsula! This phone call's not getting through!
Woo-hoo! It's hot! If it's gonna be hot, I'm gonna dance!
I clear my mind of mundane thoughts, and I am cool.
Oh, hostile rocks sighted!
Preparing to intercept! Set!
Whirr! Clank!
Click! Fire!
Hostiles obliterated!
Yay!
It must be those underground gases coming from those cracks in the surface.
Lieutenant Pan, do you know what our mission is?
To find the cause of the Great Cataclysm 200 years ago
and anything to do with Adolla Bursts around that spatial rift, duh!
At least we're still clear about that much.
Of course we are.
Hey, you kids! Knock off that stupid horsing around and behave!
...Yes, Sensei...Yes, Sensei.
Where are we heading right now?
To a location northwest of here.
We're heading to a place that measures high in Adolla Bursts.
It will take a while to get there,
so please don't use up your energy goofing around.
I hope we get there soon.
We might find some intelligence connected to the Evangelist,
and how it relates to the 250-year-old Great Cataclysm and Adolla Bursts.
Whoa, crap, what's that?
It's like that rock has been watching us this whole time.
Tamaki, you freaked out?
No, I'm not!
It's too regular to have been created by weathering.
No simple natural phenomenon would make that happen.
Could the Adolla Bursts created by the Great Cataclysm have affected it?
Wow, the turn of the century is terrifying!
I cleared my mind of mundane thoughts, and now I'm cold.
Put a sock in it. There's still some time before we get there, so go to sleep.
H-Help me!
What? I heard a voice coming from outside!
Huh?!
Wh-What the...? Are you kidding me?! Am I tripping on gas and seeing things?!
No, I'm stone cold sober, and I saw it, too.
Then, that voice I heard asking for help came from that huge thing?
No! It was me!
Are you guys from the Xinqing Dao base? Save me!
Whew, that was close. That's what happens when you raid Giant Worm turf.
Hey, who said you could hop on?! You're one that thing is after!
Don't drag us into the middle of this!
Uh, wait, Ogun...
...That mole just talked! ...That mole just talked!
You abominable infernal familiar! I'll feed you right to that earthworm!
Whoa! S-Stop!
A potato?!
Judging by the feel, size, and smell...
...there's no doubt about it. This is one of our potatoes!
Are you the one who ruined my family's field?!
S-Spare me! This is your first time in the area, right? I know it well!
If you'll let me, I'll get you to your destination safely!
That is a whole different matter!
Pan-sensei, here it comes!
Watch my driving technique!
Sorry, this is too much! Shinra, Ogun, do something!
Let's go, Ogun!
Just as I was getting bored, too!
Yoruba Spear!
Ogun, I'm gonna draw the earthworm away!
Yoruba Forge!
"Yoruba Forge"
Over here, you earthworm bastard!
This area is Giant Worm territory!
If don't move around carefully, you'll get two or three of them attacking!
For that matter, where are you guys headed?
We're headed for a spatial rift.
Rift? Oh, I know that area well.
You know it?
Do I know it? That's where I...
That's where you guys are headed?
I anticipated a harsh environment here, because of the Adolla Bursts,
but apparently, it's also a place where animals speak our language, too.
That was an oasis for all of us.
If they hadn't have come there,
I wouldn't have had to steal these potatoes.
If you guys are going there, then so am I. I want to take back the Oasis!
Monster earthworm, you'll have to face Shinra-Man!
Hey, over here, you earthworm bastard!
Hey, hey, hey!
Whoa!
We've gotten the earthworm pretty far away from the others, huh?
Our diversion is a success!
It looks like the earthworm is giving up.
Nicely done. Get back here!
Now that we're here, we can relax.
Who the hell are you?!
He's a dirty potato-thieving mole!
What do you have to say for yourself?
I'm here from the Oasis further to the west.
Unlike this wilderness, it has both plant life and water. A true paradise.
An oasis in a wasteland like this?
I find that hard to believe.
I had lots of friends there, but they were all driven out of the Oasis.
Huh?
There are crows in this land, huh?
Ah, is that...?
Hey, Yata!
Hmm? You guys wait here.
Hey, Scop, who are these guys?
That crow is one of my friends from the Oasis.
You're soldiers from Xinqing Dao? We don't see you this far inland too often.
I went to borrow some potatoes from there and got caught.
What are you, dense?
Stay underground the rest of your life rather than get caught!
First a talking mole, now a talking crow.
Hey, we're Fire Soldiers!
Fire Soldiers?
What are your kind doing all the way out here?
We're here on an investigation.
We can sort this out later. We're camping here for the night.
While we won't have any trouble making a fire,
it will be a pain if we wait until it's dark.
Hmm-hmm, toasted marshmallows!
You say you're going to the Oasis to investigate Adolla Bursts?
That's what we're doing, all right.
Is the fact that you can speak in our language due to Adolla, too?
Huh? No idea. Most, like the guys behind us, can't speak.
How about you tell us more about yourselves now?
You said you were driven out of the Oasis?
Yeah.
One day, a mysterious group just showed up.
Without a word, they started attacking those of us who lived at the Oasis.
We've been chased out of the Oasis ever since.
Which is why you ran out of food, and went to steal those potatoes.
So that's what happened.
My head had gone from vole-like to vociferous!
"Vole-like"
"Vociferous"
It sure gets dark without any city lights, huh?
Yeah.
Hmm? Hey, look at that.
What are those lights?
Yeah, you're right. It was too bright during the day to see them.
Over here, too. They're all over the place.
Awesome. This is so pretty. Like stars scattered across the ground.
What are they, though?
I-Infernals?
Y-You mean, all of them?
You can see those? I can't see them at all with my night blindness.
You have sharp eyes.
Those are Infernals, just like you said.
Some have been wandering around since the Great Cataclysm 250 years ago.
Infernals don't die until they're put to rest. I'd heard that before, but...
We need to hurry and put them to rest.
What, just us?
Forget it. There's too many of them.
I've heard the stories. Over on your island across the sea,
you kill your Infernals, right?
Kill... Well, yeah.
Also the ground is unstable down there.
If you're careless, it'll crumble beneath you, and you'll go face down into lava.
Give it up.
What's the deal with you guys, anyway?
Beats me. I don't know.
We never thought twice about what we were
until you humans came along and considered us unusual.
Those are all Infernals...
And it's not just those people, either.
There are other Infernals still burning throughout the world.
For their sake as well,
we have to find out the truth about the Great Cataclysm and Adolla Bursts.
I'm going to go get Tamaki. She can at least say a prayer for them.
The Oasis is just up ahead.
It's been an uneventful trip, thanks to my navigation, right?
Do you trust me a little more now?
Trust hell. There's too much about this area we just don't know about.
We'll take any help we can get, moles and crows included.
Once you climb up that rock, you can see the whole Oasis.
Aw... We have to climb this?
Yeah, there's no way.
I'm going on ahead to see what the situation is.
I'll go on ahead, too, sir.
Be careful.
Okay, let's go.
You're a human, and you can fly?
Hey, you with all the hair and the mask,
you don't have to worry about the gas here, thanks to the Oasis.
Really?
You're right. Doesn't seem to be an issue, huh?
...I'll bet you that we could grow some great potatoes here.
...Again with the potatoes? ...I'll bet you that we could grow some great potatoes here.
The breeze is pretty gentle around here.
Fly quietly, now.
Got it.
We'll look from behind here. Be sure to stay low.
This area is the only one with plant life...
It is all thanks to the Tabernacle.
The Tabernacle?
You can see it over there, right?
What are you talking about?
...What's that doing here?! ...You idiot! Stay low!
You know about the Tabernacle?
Do I know about it? That's the keystone of the Tokyo Empire...
...Amaterasu, isn't it? What is it doing here?
There's no way I'd mistake that.
Hey, you'll draw attention! Crouch down!
That's something Vulcan's ancestors were supposed to have built.
Shinra-kun is right.
It's a little bit smaller, but that's Amaterasu.
Is it really Amaterasu?
Even if it isn't,
the fact that something identical to it exists here is strange enough itself.
We'll need to get down there and start investigating.
The Tabernacle is at the center of the Oasis. I'll show you the way. Follow me.
There are man-made items here and there, huh?
Yeah. Over there, too.
There are a lot of things here from the time before the Great Cataclysm.
These trees look perfectly healthy.
The Tabernacle is up ahead to the northwest.
Hey, if the Tabernacle is the same as Amaterasu,
it means that the Tabernacle's energy source is an Adolla Burst, right?
Is the Adolla Burst the reason why all this nature has returned here?
Weren't Vulcan's ancestors the ones who built Amaterasu in the first place?
History says that the Holy Sol Temple and Vulcan-kun's ancestors built it,
but depending on whether Tokyo's Amaterasu or this Tabernacle
was the first one built, that could change.
So there's a chance the one in Tokyo came second.
Either way,
if this much of nature has been reborn through the power of an Adolla Burst,
it means that they will be useful in reviving the world, right?
Adolla Bursts really are unsullied, sacred flames.
Or, on the other hand, they could be the cause of the world's destruction.
We're getting close to the center of the Oasis.
Hold up!
Look! We've arrived at a pillar. These pillars surround the Tabernacle.
Then, we're almost there!
"Tabernacle" "Pillar" "Pillar"
But the area ahead is also the bandits' territory.
Since our objective here is to investigate,
we'd like to avoid fighting if we can.
You can't possibly fight against this bunch!
He's right.
There's no reasoning with them.
Lieutenant Pan, we could be closing in
on the very core of the mystery behind human combustion.
Even if Scop is right, and we can't negotiate with this group,
we need to investigate, even if it means by force.
Yeah! Yeah! You go, hero!
That's outside the scope of our mission.
We can't just rush in and start fighting outside parties.
I won't let anyone stand in the way of investigating the Great Cataclysm.
Are you starting again?
We can't just turn around after coming this far!
I agree with Kusakabe, sir.
Of course we aren't going to. But we are Fire Soldiers, not the military.
Combat will always be our last option.
We'll settle this by peaceful negotiation if we can.
Just a minute! I led you all the way here, right? Take our Oasis back for us!
Not until we speak with them and see how they respond.
"Aaah"
I already told you, there's no reasoning with them!
I'm begging you, help us!
Ee-yow!
Infernal dogs?
What do you mean, "Infernal dogs"? Those are Hell Hounds!
Fine, whichever! Run!
I told you, there's no reasoning with them!
No, not if they're dogs!
Get up in the trees!
Wah! I'm scared! Help me! Someone help me!
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Freeing dogs from the flames is the job of Fire Soldiers,
the same as it is for people, right?
Tamaki...
If they were dogs, you should have said so from the start.
Like there's any humans around here.
My friends were killed by those dogs.
Sure, we fought back! It's just... It's just what?
Their boss is even worse, and there was nothing we could do about that one!
Protect the forest.
Is that... an Adolla Link?
Protect... Where is it coming from?
...the forest.
Protect the forest.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The Tabernacle lies in the center of the forest.
It is a cherished location that was once taken from Scop-san and the others.
Why was something so cherished taken away from them?
They came from beyond the spatial rift
to once again recreate this world.
"Episode 8: Smoldering Malevolence"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 8, "Smoldering Malevolence."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org